# Directing-a-robotic-arm
The interaction between man and robot can be done by physical commands and voice commands. These methods of communication are the most natural for human beings. In the study, an experiment was conducted with students to examine their communication with a robotic arm. The experiment consists of three stages. The first stage included filling out questionnaires that included personal details, technological affinity, level of extroversion and attitude towards robots. This stage is intended to diagnose the personality of the person. In the second stage, the interaction with the robotic arm was examined in a daily task under a time limit. This step was designed to test the interaction with the robot when the student performed the action without prior planning. In the third step, perform a directing actions without a time limit in accordance with the commands shown in the 'Before' and 'After' photos. This step was designed to examine the interaction with the robot when the student performed the action after early planning.

The analysis of the data that collected during the experiment shows that most subjects preferred to use one-time (physical and colloidal) commands for simple actions (catch, release and stop) versus navigation commands (right, left, up, down, forward, backward). In addition, it was found that subjects with experience in working with robots had a high agreement score in executing the same commands. However, no significant relationship was found between the sex of the subject, extroversion level and technological affinity, to the perform of the gesture. 
